ANSWER ALL QUESTIONS
(answered) Who: Which company/agency/organization provided this data?
           Government of Canada
(answered) What: What is in your data?
           Rate of precipitation in Canadian cities
(answered) When: When was your data collected (for example, for which years)?
           1970 - 2020
Why: What is the purpose of your dataset? Is it for transparency/accountability, public interest, fun, learning, etc…
To address the issue of climate change together with our interest to learn more in the field
How: How was your data collected? Was it a human collecting the data? Historical records digitized? Server logs?
The Environment Canada networks use automated total precipitation weighing gauges (Geonor & Pluvio) which determine precipitation amounts through weight change. 
These gauges report total precipitation amounts hourly, in millimetres.

FIRST DRAFT
In addressing climate change, we are studying the precipitation in Canadian cities as it has a direct, positive correlation with the rising temperature of our 
atmosphere. The data set we chose is the Canadian Climate History published by the Canadian Government. Through this data set, we can observe the average and total 
precipitation of Canadian cities in all provinces at midnight every day from 1970 up to 2020. The Canadian Climate History data is recorded by the Environment 
Canada network using automated weighing gauges, Geonor and Pluvio, that logs the precipitation through the weight changes at a given period. This data set aims to 
see the precipitation trend, hence demonstrating the increasing temperature in the country. As our atmosphere's temperature increases, more moisture and water are 
absorbed from the land; therefore, more rain will fall. With that, the observation of our data set can indirectly illustrate the changes in temperature in the 
country.

FINAL DRAFT
In addressing climate change, we are studying the precipitation in Canadian cities as it has a direct, positive correlation with the rising temperature of our 
atmosphere. The data set we chose is the Canadian Climate History published by the Canadian Government. Through this data set, we can observe the average and total 
precipitation of Canadian cities in all provinces at midnight every day from 1970 up to 2020. The Canadian Climate History data is recorded by the Environment 
Canada network using automated weighing gauges, Geonor and Pluvio, that logs the precipitation through the weight changes at a given period (Government of Canada, 2018). 
The columns of the data set present the precipitation trend, demonstrating the country's change in temperature. To illustrate, as our atmosphere's temperature 
increases, more moisture and water are absorbed from the land; therefore, more rain will fall. Therefore, our data set's observation can indirectly illustrate the 
changes in temperature in the country.

References
Government of Canada. (n.d.). Daily Climate Data. https://climate-change.canada.ca/climate-data/#/daily-climate-data
Government of Canada. (2018, August 14). Weather tools: frequently asked questions. https://www.canada.ca/en/environment-climate-change/services/weather-general-tools-resources/frequently-asked-questions.html
